# Steps

1. Navigate to your directory by running `cd /home/$USER/` in your terminal.
2. Clone the project via HTTPS **right here** and not into any subfolder, by running `git clone https://github.com/COeXISTENCE-PROJECT/RouteRL.git` for the main branch and `git clone -b <branch-name> --single-branch https://github.com/COeXISTENCE-PROJECT/RouteRL.git` for others.
3. In your terminal, run `cd /home/$USER/RouteRL/server_scripts/` to navigate to this folder.
4. SBatch scripts are already configured. However, you may adjust configurations in `run_simulation.sh` for more resource/shorter wait time.
5. In your terminal, run `sbatch run_simulation.sh` to start running the simulation.
6. Outputs of the SLURM job (`slurm-<job_id>.out`) and the consols prints of the program (`container_printouts/output_<job_id>.txt`) will be in this folder.
7. Just be patient, it is possible that the content of `output_<job_id>.txt` is not updated frequently. Check the status of your job using `squeue --me` in your terminal. Or if you suspect the resources you requested are not actually allocated, you can inspect using `scontrol show jobid -d <job_id>`.
8. Once the simulation ends, all records, plots, .csv files that the simulation normally saves to the disk will be accessible in `training_records` and `plots` folders as usual.

<br/><br/>

# F.A.Q.

### Where to find more details about the servers?
If you are a member, here: https://github.com/gmum/servers

### What are the partitions I can pick anbd what are the limitations in the resources I can request?
Also can be found here: https://github.com/gmum/servers

### Cloning the repository doesn't work, what to do?
If possible, connect to VPN using OpenVPN or Tunnelblick (what I use on Mac), then use VS Code with Remote Explorer for everything else. Cloning works just fine in VS Code terminal for me, but it doesn't in my Mac's terminal.

### What are we doing here exactly?
We instantiate a container created by following the blueprint given in the .sif file which was generated by Singularity, and stored in `/shared/sets/singularity/`. This container will have SUMO. Then we bind our cloned folder into `/app/` in this container, install our dependencies and run main (see `cmd_container.sh`).
